Lilliana Robinson: That you can get your feedback. Okay, cool. Go ahead.
Circle Plus: Let's set up here real quick. Okay? Great. So my objective, for I'm using the video.
Circle Plus: Go first in the order of the video, the peach.
Circle Plus: and then the Q. And A, my objective for the videos to showcase my objective for
Circle Plus: the
Circle Plus: each presentation is to entice. And then, finally, my objective for
Circle Plus: the Q. And A is to validate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, entice. Let's go. You got 60 s. Entice me.
Circle Plus: Alright! So, as a founder, I realize that in as much as I understand what I'm supposed to do I still have a hard time trying to figure out what my Kpis should be.
Circle Plus: Over the past few weeks we have been speaking to innovators who like us
Circle Plus: of this problem. And this is what they're telling us.
Circle Plus: More often than not.
Circle Plus: Kpis, to them seem to be arbitrary.
Circle Plus: bolted, bolted on, or just outrightly inappropriate for their business
Circle Plus: at a minimum. The price they pay for this is 3 to 4 days spent every month making updates. When a report is due.
Circle Plus: They also don't like budgeting almost $25,000 a year for multiple applications that do a a bit and pieces of the same job, if at all.
Circle Plus: Ultimately we decided to tackle this pain points by powering founders toward the right kpis for the businesses using an easy to use command center that guarantees they always have. They're always on top of their game
Circle Plus: when they don't have the answers, we are there to help them anticipate what they should track or visualize while giving them actionable insights instead of bland summaries. Dear fellow founder, if your metrics matter to you, you should sign up for psychoplast today.
Circle Plus: first draft of something, everyone for your previous.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Circle Plus: More.
Lilliana Robinson: In.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So it was a little bit long, and it was a little bit boring.
Circle Plus: Well, Clay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't check.
Circle Plus: No, no.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Brian, I.
Circle Plus: Here's my take! Let me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me try something. I'm gonna just make some stuff up on the fly. You ready.
Circle Plus: I'm ready.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What gets measured gets done.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I've heard that from investors all the time. My problem is, I don't necessarily what know what to measure as the Kpis for my business. It's so frustrating.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Enter circle plus
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: circle plus is the tool that will help you marry the investors, requests, and your kpis to help you measure the right things to help you grow your business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's like having a coach in your pocket.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Maybe you raise up your phone like a coach in your pocket who's helping you identify the right things to measure blah blah blah! I kind of forgot what the rest of the pitch was, but
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I does that opening resonate with you.
Circle Plus: Oh, yeah, it does. I can see also.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You to have passion, and I need you to do something that's going to get their attention right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So like, you know, I love the phrase, what gets measured gets done. I believe in it firmly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But then then to say like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't. But I don't know what to measure. So how am I gonna ever be successful?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I am so glad circle plus exists.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It helps me identify, you know. Blah blah blah blah blah.
Circle Plus: Gotcha like, okay?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And tell it with passion.
Circle Plus: And all right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You were just sort of reading, and Lolly gallery being along. And if you practice that way, that's how you're going to come off on stage.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: This is why I want you guys. And you were standing up, obviously. But this is why I want you to stand up and deliver it with passion
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when every time you practice. Because, however, you practice, that's how you're gonna perform on stage.
Circle Plus: Gotcha! Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That is like.
Circle Plus: Yeah, that's actually very helpful. Thank you. That's my job this morning. But yeah, back to the drain board again. Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right. Let's go.
Lilliana Robinson: Gift, Graham.
Kevin: Hey, hey, Troy? Alright. So objective is for the pitch is to state the problem the video is gonna show.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Hold on, hold on! The objective should be given from the perspective of the audience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what is the objective? You you're stating? The problem doesn't help anything you want that. What do you want the audience to receive.
Kevin: We want the audience to know that there's a problem
Kevin: like a serious problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so maybe, can we make it stronger than just know? There's a problem. We want them to feel the problem that restaurants have right.
Kevin: Yup!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You see the difference between state the problem and make the audience feel the restaurants problem.
Kevin: Yes. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Kevin: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So we want the audience to feel the restaurants problem. And then what are you doing with the video and with the with the QA.
Kevin: Yup, the video is showing how that problem is actually being solved. And the QA is about traction. The the market play the size of the market, and milestones.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So again, I'm gonna tweak those. And I'm gonna say, it's not showing how it's solved. It's convincing the audience that we have the solution to the problem, because it's all about the audience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then the third is convincing the audience that we have the traction and the milestones to take over this market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Because if the audience believes there is a difficult problem, you have a great solution, and you have the traction they're going to invest in your company.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm just taking your words and twisting them a little bit, but it really makes a difference.
Kevin: Oh, it's it's amazing. Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright!
Kevin: Lost!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Make me feel the restaurant's problem and pain.
Kevin: Okay. So just a quick preference. The song that we're gonna have going into this is gonna be from cheers. So that will make sense when I start the first paragraph. So here we go.
Lilliana Robinson: Wait! Wait! Wait, Kevin, is that something that you know Troy? Neil and I were having this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Oh yes!
Lilliana Robinson: Than yesterday. Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Oh, my God!
Lilliana Robinson: Someone older than him would know it. But all of us who've heard it we keep telling him we don't understand.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All the investors will know it. I watched it every Thursday night in college as it came out. It was awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: There we go! Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Term Sam coach, what do you? What do you want.
Kevin: Like time.
Lilliana Robinson: It breaks.
Kevin: Okay, here we go.
Kevin: So for those of you that might not recognize that song that was just playing. It was a famous TV sitcom called Cheers and Cheers was a bar that was run by Sam. The reason people went to cheers was because of the relationships that Sam built
Kevin: this year the restaurant industry is forecasted to reach a record of 1.1 trillion dollars in the Us. Economy that will employ over 15 million people. Yet 4 out of 5 restaurants will fail within 5 years.
Kevin: Let that sink in.
Kevin: I'm Kevin Malley, and I'm the CEO of Gift Grant, my co-founder, and I built over 30 restaurant relationships with digital gift cards and generated nearly half a million in transactions.
Kevin: Our over 10 years industry, experience, has given us the insight to know how the lifeblood of the restaurant industry is built on frequency and to have frequency. It's the restaurant's job to build relationships. But you can't build relationships. If you don't know who your customers are.
Kevin: and with the restaurant staff turnover being more than 80% restaurants have no idea who their customers are
Kevin: for an industry that's built on relationships. That's a recipe for failure
Kevin: at Giftgram. We're empowering restaurants with a platform that will forever change how restaurants interact with their guests so they can have meaningful relationships that make them want to return.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 20.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. It was long.
Kevin: And I.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It was a little meandering. So there's a line in the Cheers Song. That's you know. What's the line that you're gonna end with we all we know who you are. We know.
Kevin: Everybody knows your name.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Everybody knows your name exactly. Everybody knows your name. See! Not only do I know this, the sitcom. I know the land, the words to the song, Liliana,
Lilliana Robinson: I'm so glad to hear it. This is what we're hoping for. So 100.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So so yeah, people.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah, it. It was a very popular sitcom.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: everybody knows your name.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: God. I gotta think about how to. So I know what I want to do. I just don't know how to say it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: This is hard.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Something about so you opened with cheers, you know, hopefully that brought back some great memories, the sitcom cheers where everybody knew your name. Sam built the bar based on relationships. They built an entire sitcom based on the relationships.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, in today's restaurant industry
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: with high turn. You know that today's restaurant industry, today's giant restaurant industry with 15 million workers and whatever bazillion dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: God! I don't know how to do this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Today's restaurant industry has become transactional.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: People come in. They get the meal they leave. They leave a review on, on on yelp. If you're lucky, and that's it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We want to change that. We want to go back to the days of cheers. We want to give rest. We are giving restaurants the power and the tools
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to be able to
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: actually know your name and not just your name, but your preferences where you like to sit, what you like to eat, how you like to, how you like to
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know how you like to order the order in which you like to order.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We are making restaurant dining, a personal experience. Again.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: let me tell you how we do it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We've developed relationships with 30 restaurants. Blah, blah, blah, blah blah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I this is far from perfect. But it's a little bit of a different line that feels to me
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like with some refinement, can be more engaging, and you can get there shorter.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Life is in place about 30 years weekly. It's a restaurant exchange gift. Yes,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so, and the real thing that you're the. So the pain. Let's just distill it down to what you said. You want the audience to feel the restaurants pain
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and the restaurant's pain. I'm not trying to give you a pitch. I'm just trying to articulate. The restaurant's pain is that today's restaurant experiences become transactional. How do I get more turns of my tables? How do I get more? You know? How do I ring the register more often.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And the problem with that is that we've lost the personal experience that the people at Cheers had.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so we don't have the loyalty, and we don't have the frequency.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: which is the thing that really makes restaurants win
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: incomes gift. Gram, we are the tool that lets you really understand. Your customer lets you know their name, lets you know their preferences and lets you build the relationship with them. So the next time
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: they make a reservation
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you'll know they prefer to sit at the tape if they prefer a booth near the window, with flowers on the table.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and that's what's going to get you the deep relation as a restaurant tour, the deep relationships, the returning customers, the frequency, and ultimately the profitability you want.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know is that does that feel right?
Kevin: Yeah, no, that's that's right. I will.
Kevin: I will refine this. That's great. It's really great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So this is why this is for everybody. By the way, this is why identifying the objective makes creating the pitch so much easier.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I was struggling, and then I said, well, wait a minute, he said. The objective was to make the audience feel the pain of the restaurant, and so I went back and focused on that objective. And I said, Okay, what is the pain of the restaurant and the pain of the restaurant is, I'm torn between these 2 worlds of wanting to chat everybody up and have. But I need more transactions. And so how can I do both? And this lets us do both. Alright, that's our time. We're going to the next one. Liliana's keeping us honest.
Lilliana Robinson: Danny.
Danny Pereira: Cool, so
Danny Pereira: objective for the intro is for the audience to understand how the current way of doing things is hurting their work and introduce the concept of a decision relationship manager.
Danny Pereira: The video is to show how it works and how it feels. Using this drm, and the QA. Is showing how we will execute, and where we are now.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Show me the the errors of my ways.
Brian Simiyu: Yeah.
Danny Pereira: 2 min I can see my screen. Alright.
Danny Pereira: Life is all about decisions. There are big ones like what should I name my newborn? And there are small ones like which function I use for this presentation.
Danny Pereira: But every decision matters, especially in our work lives. We're being trusted to decide how to best use our time on a daily basis.
Danny Pereira: But instead of being focused on deciding the right product, direction or client strategy, we're spending our time contact switching between busy work and all these ad hoc requests, the average knowledge worker spends 41% of their day doing remedial busy work.
Danny Pereira: Let me repeat that 41% of their time, 2 days a week.
Danny Pereira: Reclaiming those 2 days is why we're here introducing a new category of software called decision relationship managers or drms. Our drm links to all your different communications and apps, picks up on the incoming requests and tasks, and your AI copy can accomplish them just like you would.
Danny Pereira: So instead of having to do the busy work, you just get to decide how it's getting done.
Danny Pereira: Our go to markets, gonna borrow from tried and true playbooks like slack and base camp. We're making our end users fall in love with us first and turning them into evangelists as we develop conductor for teams
Danny Pereira: by enabling a world of more decision makers and less busy workers. We want to create a world where most problems can be solved with one click.
Danny Pereira: That is it.
Lilliana Robinson: Was 110.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So generally I think it's it's good, Danny, it's the best I've heard you articulate this so far. So I think it's generally pretty good a couple of things to push back on.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I call bullshit when you say all. And I, when you say most decisions can be this decided with one click.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't think that. You know I do like the I,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and as soon as I call bullshit on something, then it I tend to question everything else.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right? So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But I do think you're opening right? You talked about the 40%.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Imagine a world where 40%
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a veered
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: hang on.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what was rewrite? Reread your first couple of lines.
Danny Pereira: Life is all about decisions. There are big ones like, what should I name my newborn? And there are small ones like which font I use for this presentation.
Danny Pereira: but every decision matters, especially in our work, lives where we're trusted to decide how to best use our time on a daily basis.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Keep going. The 40%.
Danny Pereira: But instead of being focused on deciding between the right product direction or client strategy, we're spending our time context switching between busy work and ad hoc requests. The average knowledge worker spends 41% of their day doing remedial busy work.
Danny Pereira: Let me repeat that 41% of their time, 2 days a week.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. So what if you shortened up the examples a little bit before you get to the 41?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then you said 41%.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What would
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the remedial busy work? 40 burns of remedial busy work?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: these are perfect tasks
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for today's AI engine
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: take off our plate. What I'm trying to do. I'm not going to get the words right. Here's what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to say that there is stuff that we do that is repetitive
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: fact based finding. What font did you use in that presentation? Where does this thing exist? What is the total number of re? What's the revenue from last March. All of those examples are things that you don't need to be a human to answer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: There are things that the computer can answer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And if we could have the computer answer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: scan and answer your inbound text email slack
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for those fact-based things, we can free up 41% of your time
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: giving you 2 days a week back
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to spend on the important decisions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It both makes employees more productive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know what the right word here is but and happier in their jobs, cause you're doing the more interesting work right.
Danny Pereira: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what I would try to do cause it's not totally clear how you're doing this. What I would try to do. I like your beginning opening, I'd shorten a little bit. So you get to the 41 sooner and then say, and the thing about that 41 is, it doesn't require any intelligence. It just requires memory and guess what computers are really good at that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: our tool can answer roughly, 41% of the requests that come in. So what does it do? It scans your inbound, slack email text. It finds the things it knows the answer to, because it's not an opinion. It's a fact, it replies immediately freeing up 41% from knowledge workers giving those knowledge workers 2 full days a week back
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in time to work on the things they really care about.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We make them more productive
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: much happier in their jobs.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: This is gonna change the way we think about knowledge work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me show you how it works.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, that is phenomenal. Okay, yeah, I will adapt.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So focus on that problem. And I really like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the idea of as opposed to saying it can answer all your questions or most of your questions, which is where I started to call bullshit. I was trying to differentiate because there are questions that are fact based, and fact questions that are opinion based
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: as a human. I don't want to answer another fact-based question ever again.
Danny Pereira: Pair.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right. I want the computer to do that for me.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, exactly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Me when you have something interesting to ask.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. We gotta move on, Danny.
Danny Pereira: Yes, yeah. Thank you so much. Troy. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Burhan, you're next.
Burhan Syed: Alright. So the objective of my. So I'm gonna go pitch video, then QA. Objective. The pitch is to feel the problem of dentists by putting them in the shoes of a dentist who owns their own clinic
Burhan Syed: the video is supposed to show how the product works
Burhan Syed: and the Q, and a.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Them that it's a better solution.
Burhan Syed: Yep.
Burhan Syed: and the QA. Is addressing go to market, and how we're going to scale.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Kay.
Burhan Syed: Cool. So I'll start with the patch.
Burhan Syed: Dmitry is a Ukrainian immigrant who moved to the Us. Not knowing any English, became the youngest ever dual board certified dentist in his specialty, and now owns 2 dental practices.
Burhan Syed: Dmitry isn't just dentists. He's also a business owner, and he makes money when his receptionist Rhonda schedules appointments with patients. The issue is, Rhonda can only take one call at a time, manually scheduling every single appointment.
Burhan Syed: As a result, 30% of the calls coming into the clinics are missed, and most are never returned.
Burhan Syed: On top of that Rhonda has no time to call and remind patients who are due for appointments, but haven't booked one yet.
Burhan Syed: So Dmitri has a problem. How can you maximize the number of deployments? But when Rhonda, who's trying her best isn't able to. My name is Bernard, and I'm the CEO for Rhonda AI. Dmitry is actually my co-founder, Alan's dad, and we built Rhonda AI to solve his problem.
Burhan Syed: Rende AI is a receptionist that works 24, 7, schedule every single patient's appointment.
Burhan Syed: and cost a fraction of the cost of a human receptionist. The best part. Nothing changes for the patient. They still call the clinic. But now Rhonda AI answers, here's a video showing our product that work.
Lilliana Robinson: 102.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. So I like the concept. It starts out a little slow. It doesn't have the signature, Troy big opening, but when you but it has a great payback when you say Dimitri is actually my co-founder. You know the Allen's father. Blah blah blah, so that I part I really like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it's a big mistake to name the Re, the real human receptionist, Rhonda, and to name the AI Rhonda. It's very confusing.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, bye.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I would have very different names for a very different name for the human receptionist.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Bye,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is there a way we can get their attention. So they don't fall asleep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: before
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: they get to the payoff here.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Trying to think about it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What if I'm gonna make stuff up. I have totally the wrong numbers. I don't even know if I'm in the right order. Magnitude.
Burhan Syed: Hmm.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Dentistry is a much bigger business than anybody realizes in the Us. Alone. It's 18, you know, 18.5 billion dollars a year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The interesting thing about dentistry is that every single one of those dollars came from an appointment, and every one of those appointments had to be scheduled.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and until now it had to be scheduled by a human
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: at both sides. 2 humans.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: as someone who runs dentist dental practices. It's very expensive and aggravating to have to staff reception desks with humans to take appointments.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Sure, there are new. There are some places where they could schedule online. There are new tools that allow you to schedule online.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But most of the patients still like to talk to a voice.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we invented Rhonda AI
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Rhonda sounds like a human acts like a human is indistinguishable from a human, but
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: she doesn't get paid an hourly wage.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Blah blah blah! Not only can she receive the calls she can make the outbound calls to schedule. She can make the outbound calls for the reminders.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Rende! Aye.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know just a brainstorm.
Burhan Syed: Okay. I just wrote all this down. Thanks. Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Being recorded. So you can go back and listen to the recording.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, you don't have to take your time to write it down. Any final question, Bernhard, before we move on.
Burhan Syed: Do you think it was boring up until the point that we sort of brought it back to? It's Alan's dad.
Burhan Syed: Yeah. Now.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Someone's. Dad made it a little interesting from a story perspective, but it didn't make it interesting from an investor perspective. So I was trying to get make it. I was trying to feel the pit like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know how big dental industry is. It's some billions of dollars, and like, when you think about it, every single one of those was scheduled with a human and usually a human on 2 humans, one on each side.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's a bottleneck. We're gonna eliminate that entire bottleneck.
Burhan Syed: Okay, boom.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then. And I'm using the technique of, you know, if you watch late night TV, the you know, there's infomercials. And then there's like, Wait, but if you buy now, you also get the bamboo steamer and the Chinese Ginsu knife. So the the Rhonda equivalent of that is, it takes the people out of that. But wait. Rhonda can also
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: confirm appointments. Reach out to people who don't have appointments. Stop all of it, you know, without ever missing a phone, and she won't get tired of dialing the same number over and over again, right like there's there's a there's a bamboo steamer in there.
Burhan Syed: Go ahead.
Burhan Syed: Thank you, Troy.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright tune, day.
Tunde IO : I try? So yeah, we're doing the order of the pitch, the video.
Tunde IO : and then the QA. The objective of the pitch is, we want the audience to feel the problem of the compliance teams and financial institutions.
Tunde IO : The objective of the demo is to convince the audience that our platform is the solution to the problem and is already doing that.
Tunde IO : And the objective of the QA. Is to create the confidence in the audience that we have the right team to not only solve the problem but kill the business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay. And you're gonna do your pitch with a lot more energy than you did that little delivery right.
Tunde IO : Sorry. Sorry I wouldn't.
Tunde IO : I need. I need to sleep. But yeah, okay, let's go
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Go.
Tunde IO : Yep.
Tunde IO : So over the last 10 years, digital payments in Africa have grown by 1,500%, due to the adoption of financial products unique to Africa, such as mobile money, Ussd and agency banking.
Tunde IO : Unfortunately, the necessary prevention processes and anti-money laundering studios have not kept up space with this growth. And so the compliance teams of financial institutions are struggling to keep up.
Tunde IO : So what's the result of all of this
Tunde IO : payment for it is out of control.
Tunde IO : one in 2 Africans, at risk of, have been victims of payment. Fraud.
Tunde IO : The Regulators are not happy about this, and they're clamping down hard
Tunde IO : in Nigeria, where we have launched over 4,000 regulated entities, have lost their operating license in the last 15 months.
Tunde IO : So we have fraud pushing from one side, and the Regulators pushing from the other side.
Tunde IO : The compliance teams don't know where to go to for help.
Tunde IO : Well, we're excited to rescue
Tunde IO : Webex is the one stop toolkit. That simplifies compliance in Africa.
Lilliana Robinson: Does work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The end.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, but.
Lilliana Robinson: 8 s. So you still had a little bit of time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: A couple of things. One is, you're gonna need a transition into the video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You know, can be something as simple as let's take a look, but you need some sort of.
Lilliana Robinson: Let me show you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me show you whatever
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think you're gonna have to speak a little more slowly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I had a little trouble
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: with, and part of this is your accent. Your accent isn't bad, but you do have some accent that made it hard
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for me to. I had to pro it. Just I need a little more time to process the words, and when you start speaking really fast you put the words together, and I I miss some stuff. So I think you're gonna have to slow. So we're gonna have to cut out a little bit of the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, you're gonna have to cut out a little a couple of words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you had a bigger opening before.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: if I remember correctly, you had said something like, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't. I guess it's one out of 2, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Half of all of the people in Africa have experienced.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Fraud! It's not fraud. What do they experience. What do you call it?
Tunde IO : Payment for.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Payment fraud
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then you had a personal experience that said, you know I've been. I've been subject to that twice.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: losing, for you know the and and didn't you have a number on what the average fraud was? Wasn't it a big number.
Tunde IO : There wasn't a number on that on that pitch.
Tunde IO : we had gone with 40%
Tunde IO : we we thought the the bigger number of 1,500%, or like the the growth of
Tunde IO : of payments. Because better. And then I think that was because we were trying to. So. The reason why I moved away from that we was it was the the feedback was that it was heavily centered on, on my experience, and from a customer perspective, and we wanted to communicate the pain point for.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Got it.
Tunde IO : The the financial institution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Totally got it. So. By the way, on the 105, or 1,005, I did do a bunch of math in my head, and but I think it's much simpler to say over Tenx.
Tunde IO : Like good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's grown by over 10 x
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and it's simpler, it's faster, and there's less less translation. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And in general, people don't do well with big numbers. So if you have a percentage 40, it's better to say 4 out of 10 or 2 out of 5. People can do that in their head. But like 40 confuses people. So anyway, and if you're in thousands of 10 x would be way better. So your opening line is what.
Tunde IO : So the the opening line currently is over. The last 10 years digital payments in Africa have gone by now 10 x
Tunde IO : due to the adoption of financial products that are unique to Africa, such as mobile money, Ussd. And Agency banking.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright I would flip that around. I don't know why, but I would say.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Africa has a plethora
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: of financial tools for sending money. There's SSD, there's us mobile banking. Blah blah! Blah! Blah! Blah! It's grown by over 10 x in the last 10 years.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The problem is, so has the fraud.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You see, the fraudsters have come in, Bob. Boom! Boom, boom! Boom! Boom! And the Regulators are clamping down on it, having closed 1,500 into, or whatever it was, 400 institutions in the last 15 months. This is a real problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: incomes Red Fee.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me tell you what we do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We are a tool that lets the financial institutions lock down their systems so that they are less susceptible for to fraud, so that we can reduce that prop. Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I I don't know if that resonates with you or not.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it feels more
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: story like to me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Africa has all these things that you guys haven't heard of.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's grown by 10 x in the last 10 years.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But so has fraud.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And that's a real problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You use your fact about how many, how many have been shut down due to fraud in the last 15 months?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And you say
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we gotta do. You know the wheels are coming off the bus, whatever your expression is. But incomes. Reg, we are the tool that can prevent this from happening, we're already installed. And how many institutions are you in.
Tunde IO : 17 or 18. Now.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Already installed in 18 institutions. Do you have any data you can share? So like when I have
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I use the Euro Amazon web networking tool for Wi-fi, and it reports to me how many.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: how many things it's blocked every day, and how many, how many phishing attacks it's blocked like, do, could you say? And we've already blocked
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 2,700, you know. Fraudulent attacks.
Tunde IO : We. We talked a bit about the efficiency of the the the software in the in, in the in the demo.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Anyway, if if you have data that you could throw out in one short sense, you know, we're in 17 institutions, and we've already blocked over 4,000 fraudulent attacks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! We're running out of time. Lillian is keeping us honest
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: alright.
Tunde IO : Thanks, Troy. Thanks. Everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Nelson.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But I on reg file, I just want to say to you guys.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you may not like my approach, that's totally cool. You have to do something that is going to be authentic to you, and that you're going to be passionate about and be able to deliver. Go back and listen to it. You decide I won't be insulted at all if you don't take any of my stuff
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: alright.
Tunde IO : Thanks, joy.
Nelson Mitchell: Alright, hey? Everybody. So it's gonna go pitch. Video. QA objective of the pitch is, introduce the problem.
Nelson Mitchell: make make it personal for people.
Nelson Mitchell: give them a sense of the scope, get them really pissed off about it, and then give them hope at the end that afford help can help
Nelson Mitchell: that make sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, get them pissed off. Get me pissed off. Let's go.
Brian Simiyu: I'll do my.
Nelson Mitchell: That I got it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let's make this fun, guys. I've been doing this all for the last 2 weeks. It feels like it gets boring. If I don't make it fun. Let's go.
Nelson Mitchell: Okay.
Nelson Mitchell: I know something everyone in this room has in common.
Nelson Mitchell: We have all overpaid for our medical care.
Nelson Mitchell: How do I know? According to the Federal Government. One out of every 2 medical bills has an error.
Nelson Mitchell: It doesn't matter if you have insurance, it doesn't matter if you're rich or poor. Everyone has a personal story about a trip to the doctor that ended in an unexpectedly high bill
Nelson Mitchell: in the Us. We have the most expensive healthcare in the world in 2022, out of pocket expenses topped 471 billion dollars. That's about $2,800 per household
Nelson Mitchell: for the average person. It's difficult to know when you're being overcharged, or what you can even do about it.
Nelson Mitchell: What if you had an expert by your side helping you to fight this unfair system, double, checking every bill for errors, making sure you get every discount you deserve, and connecting you to a loan if and when you need it.
Nelson Mitchell: afford health. Is that expert we're building AI enabled tools that catch errors in real time.
Nelson Mitchell: We help we. We provide help and guidance, so you'll never overpay, for your care again.
Nelson Mitchell: Afford health helps you simplify, save, and take control.
Nelson Mitchell: Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. I think it's all. I think it's awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I have one comment for you. Which is, there is some confu potential confusion
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: between
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: out of pocket expenses and what's yours and overpaying for medical care where your insurance company pays too much or your company pays too much. And so I wanna make sure you make it crystal clear that this is about saving the consumer from paying too much of their deductible out of pocket whatever blah blah blah is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and so what I would encourage you to do is in the back half. So the front half you did that we all had bills out of pocket, but I'd every opportunity you have to put in the words, you know, like you're deductible, or you're out of pocket, or you're like, make it clear in the back half that you're talking about the consumer. You're making this a personal thing. It's not about saving your company money. It's about saving you your money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I think it's really the matter of inserting like a word like, you know your deductible payment, or you're out of pocket pay like you're gonna say it. It's inserting what that word deductible or out of pocket, or whatever term you want a couple of times in that back half, and you'll have nailed it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it's really great. I was pissed off listening to it.
Nelson Mitchell: Awesome. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Lilliana Robinson: Good job, Nelson. Okay, let's go to talks.
David Akinyemi: Awesome. Alright. Our objective, for we're going pitch video. And then QA. The objective for the pitch is that people in the crowd, resonate and feel the pain of companies and employees.
David Akinyemi: The goal of the video is to sh show people and teach them how our solution works and how it solves this problem. And then Q. A's to address concerns and questions that we're hoping
David Akinyemi: we can kind of train people to ask from the pitch and the and the video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I want to feel the pain.
David Akinyemi: Company issue 270 billion dollars per year and stock based compensation to attract and retain talent.
David Akinyemi: aligning the values of employees, executives and shareholders, but when the stock goes down it causes employees to churn which forces companies to spend billions in stock refreshers and increases shareholder dilution.
David Akinyemi: I was one of these employees that received half of my compensation in stock, and I said, Mama, I made it.
David Akinyemi: My stock dropped 40%, ruining my plans to buy my first home.
David Akinyemi: we learned Mark Cuban had the same issue back in 1999, but turned to Goldman Sachs to create a financial insurance for him which saved him billions after the.com bubble exploded.
David Akinyemi: Stock volatility impacts 5.2 million employees. But, unlike Mark, most don't have the tools and knowledge to protect themselves.
David Akinyemi: I'm David Eckeni, CEO of Tux, or democratizing sophisticated financial insurance for the everyday employee.
David Akinyemi: We reduce employee turn by protecting their downside here's Tux.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Maybe it's cause you and I.
Lilliana Robinson: Now Martin.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Maybe it's because you and I have talked so much, and I understand your business so well. But that was pretty clear.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm curious what other people think.
Lilliana Robinson: David and I work together.
Nelson Mitchell: Awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: And I said the same thing. It's really good, David.
Lilliana Robinson: the best.
Tomiwa E: So. The description of the business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, you've really nailed it finally, like, it's taken you a while, David.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but I feel like you've nailed like that is what your business is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you have a good balance between your personal experience. Mark Cuban, 5 million
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: employees, real dollars like I.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it's great. You deliver that with passion. And you have a great video, and you're gonna do awesome.
David Akinyemi: Thanks, Troy. Thanks. Everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: Positive Finance.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Yes, I'm all sick, so I I can't speak too loud. But our objective for the pitch is for people to understand that climate is an issue for businesses.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Our video is for people to feel that the product is really easy to use. And the QA is about the business model and then surveys. You know about the market and and so on the market opportunity.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Have you heard of climate quitting
Fabien | Positive Finance: 40% of Genesee and millennials are ready to chant jobs due to climate concerns
Fabien | Positive Finance: with 14 million that already did it.
Fabien | Positive Finance: I'm one of them. I left my corporate job to work on climate.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Hi, I'm Fabian CEO of positive finance. We offer a new type of employee. Financial benefits.
Fabien | Positive Finance: social and climate. Friendly
Fabien | Positive Finance: employees can save, invest
Fabien | Positive Finance: and donate with employer machine.
Fabien | Positive Finance: And of course this helps businesses retain talents and meet sustainability goals.
Fabien | Positive Finance: The timing for this is perfect.
Fabien | Positive Finance: since climate regulations are on the horizon adding pressure on businesses.
Fabien | Positive Finance: We must act now.
Fabien | Positive Finance: It's a 10 billion market opportunity growing at 14% year over year.
Fabien | Positive Finance: And we just launched our first client during textiles.
Fabien | Positive Finance: But let's let's hear directly from them.
Lilliana Robinson: So that was 54 Si love how slowly you spoke, Fabian. It helps us be able to understand a lot more.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: No, your articulation was good. Can you redo your first sentence?
Fabien | Positive Finance: Have you heard of climate quitting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Son of Gen. Z.
Fabien | Positive Finance: 40% of Gen. Z. And millennials are ready to change jobs due to climate change.
Fabien | Positive Finance: We 14 million.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I would change that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I don't like opening with a question.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because you said, Have you heard about quiet clinic? Quite climate quitting, and I'm like, I don't know, have I? And am I supposed to raise my hand? Am I not? What am I supposed to do? It's sort of awkward. Now I don't know. Wait, he's still talking. Okay. I'm going to sit on my hands. That was weird.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? So I would prefer you to say something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: climate quitting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You may never have even heard of it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but 40 million Gen. Z's are contemplating it today.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me tell you what it is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right. And here's what happens
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when you do that. If someone hasn't heard a climate quitting, they're like, Wait, I've never heard of climate quitting 40 million people. What what the hell! I better pay attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: By the way, the other group who has heard of it is like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, I know what climate quitting is, I'm really smart. He just complimented me. I like him
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right, and so it plays both ways for you, so I would much prefer you to deliver it that way than asking the question, and having that uncomfortable moment.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I still don't. Well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I still don't fully understand what climate quitting is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That might be okay. That might be part of what you're setting up.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But, like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, I
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: if I go to work for techstars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm going to work for techstars like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: am I upset? Cause what
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like? I understand. I may not want to work for the coal mine, because, or the power company that's burning coal, cause, you know. But like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't understand, I don't. What I didn't get from this is how this applies to most white collar jobs.
Fabien | Positive Finance: And okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm just, and maybe it doesn't.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But you said 40 million. That's a really big number.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Is that 40 million worldwide or 40 million in the Us.
Fabien | Positive Finance: In the Us. Yeah. But did it? Actually, it's not just winning.
Fabien | Positive Finance: you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: do you have the opportunity to explain it a little further, so can you explain it to me real quickly? Forget about the pitch. Just explain it to me. What exactly is climate? Quitting that 40 million people have done.
Fabien | Positive Finance: But yeah, people that are not aligned with what their company is doing, related to environment and are leaving for another company. That is, you know, more friendly to it, and that can be, for there I don't know.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Business model what they are doing or supply chain, or whatever. But that's all really acting on it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So 40 million is like a third of the adult population in the Us. The working population.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Oh.
Fabien | Positive Finance: One full.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: One fourth. Okay, that was my guess. Okay. So.
Fabien | Positive Finance: It's a.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The patio.
Fabien | Positive Finance: No 14, I mean
Fabien | Positive Finance: one full
Fabien | Positive Finance: millions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Oh, 14 million, not 4 d. 1 million.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, 14 millions, about 10% of the adult population.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, that's still a big number 14 million.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so you're gonna have to work on alliterating that 14 months. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you believe that 14 million people have already quit their jobs because they they feel their company isn't doing enough for the climate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yes. And where? Where's that data come from?
Fabien | Positive Finance: Yeah, different reports. But yeah, Deloitte, Kpmg, and even Mackenzie, you have. You have
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay. I don't know what else you could cut out, but you would add a lot of credibility if you were to say so. If you opened up, you know you may not even know what climate quitting is. But according to Deloitte, Kpmg, and Mckenzie, over 14 million people have already quit their jobs because of it.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Okay. Hmm.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right. Let me tell you what's going on here. Blah! Blah, blah blah blah! And you got to get that 14, 1 4 really clear. I thought you said 40.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And and you want to say 14 million in the Us. Because I was your again your credibility. I'm like 40 million people. Gen. Z. Are there even 40 million? Gen. Z's like this is what's going through my head. You want to make sure you're crystal clear. And one of the worst things. This is for all of you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: One of the worst things you can do is put something out there that causes the listener to question your veracity.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right? So if you say something that doesn't make sense, it'll question everything else in your pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? And it's part of David. I think it's part of why yours was so good, yours was so crystal clear. There was nothing like you had facts you had. It was it was crystal clear. There was nothing I was questioning along the way.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so figure out so like by by
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: supporting the 14 million Gen. Z's have already quit their jobs. According to Mckinsey
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Deloitte, but that.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Maybe we go with 12. That will be easier.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Maybe you say more than 12 million. Yeah, 12 would be a better, a better word to say more than 12. According to Mackenzie, delay both more than 12 million have. I think that'd be great. Alright! Give it some thought.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Thanks for so much.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Yeah. Yup.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we have 10 min left. So it's a jump ball between Vincent and Pardo. Neither of you volunteered. But you're here.
Lilliana Robinson: so.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Parto I worked with already today. So let's do, Vincent.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's do, Vincent.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Alright.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: let me screen share real quick.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: So we actually do video first, if you guys are okay with that, I'm gonna play that real quick cause. It says the context for the problem. And then our objective in this is the solution with the pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we have time.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: A typical payday loan has an Apr. Of about 400 millions of Americans. Learn this the hard way each year. There are more payday lenders than Mcdonald's. Less than half of Americans can access prime credit despite 80, never missing a payment.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Why, lenders have an incomplete credit picture that introduces human bias and errors. Today, one in 5 Americans have a credit report error hurting their score, which ultimately reduces their ability to borrow, while credit unions want to help their community. They don't have the technology to lend on more inclusive data.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: rental payments and 1099 gig work. None of that counts in the traditional system. Fintech are trying to help, but 0% buy now pay. Later solutions are unsustainable like those Vc subsidized $5 ubers.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Fintech aren't banks. So they struggle to scale due to a lack of capital access. Lenders are saying No. When they could safely say Yes, costing the economy billions annually. Well, we found a better way.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: and that's where I'm already on stage. And I say so, what is that better way? Gov. Prime makes it easier for lenders to provide more capital more safely to more consumers. According to the Federal Reserve, traditional lenders miss out on billions that penny lenders reap every year from 17 million Americans. Just because humans can't assess complex risk.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Dubpr for lenders combines industry expertise across explainable AI loan decisioning and debt capital into a single regulator. Friendly solution.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Our explainer. AI uses a vast amount of data from a variety of inclusive sources to accurately predict those who will pay back their balance. So now, gig work, wages, rental payments, phone bills. It all counts after being featured in a report on AI by this week in Fintech and Visa, we're finalizing a 9 figure, debt, deal with the largest credit bill or card to safely expand into unsecured credit cards with a growing wait list
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: with 164 billion dollars paid every year, and credit card interest and fees. Lending is the lifeline of the global economy, and we expect to double it. Join us and revolutionizing and modernizing the lending industry by expanding credit products for millions and providing meaningful yields to capital providers. Sorry I was supposed to this one's supposed to be dead. Actually, we're removing that last section to make up some time.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Well, with 105. So it's fine as is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So I think it's pretty good. And I do like that. You did the video first, and then you did the explainer. Second, I think what you're gonna have to address is in the QA. My initial question is, yeah, but you're gonna let more more you know more people through who aren't gonna pay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And you know, how. How are you gonna result? So I think you're gonna have to dig deep into that objection like, okay. But if we start lowering the bar for credit, we're gonna get a bunch of people aren't gonna pay in our returns. And blah blah, and you're gonna have to address that in the credit in the QA.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: And we address that immediately by saying, the Vp of data, science and experience has verified our math, and he says nobody's taking the approach that we are, and that it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: now you. Maybe you get him to invest.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I work.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Come on as an advisor. He is technically he has.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: No, he hasn't. If he he's not an investor, if he hasn't put his own money at risk.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: That's fair.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: There's a big difference.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: now being able to say he's an advisor is is interesting. But yeah, no, I think it was pretty good, and I it. It's a little unfair, because we had the whole picture. We got to see the video and then see your comments. But I think those 2 paired really nicely together?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I I just refine your delivery.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You've got to slow down at points. You gotta figure out what you want to emphasize, and I think it would be a better pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: if you cut out 10% of the words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you were able to slow down in your delivery.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Would you agree that this section down here about joining the revolution to modernize lending like, it's not really meaningful. I think I can just drop all of that and slow down across everything else. Right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Okay, I'm gonna drop.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The fluff for for all of you, Fluff is. No, it it
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: generally doesn't work. So yeah, let's strike it alright. You guys are in a great spot. I'm excited. It's gonna be fun to see you all in person, too.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Any last minute questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you so much for your time, Troy. I know you've given us so much every time with the 24 companies, and your brain is probably full of pitches, so just know that it we noticed, and we really really appreciate it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Thank you it, but it is fun, and the most fun part for me is watching all of you progress and get better and get more confident.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and and then watching you on Demo Day, stand up there, and Rocket is awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so alright be well.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. See you next weekend.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: See you in person next week. Bye.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, safe Travels.
Lilliana Robinson: Hi, everybody.